# 2025_AST4300_Project3
Repository for code related to the Simple Network for Age Inference Learning (SNAIL) component of Project 3. Please make clear what your code does, but you do not need to include the whole notebook, only the part related to Section 7 and the paper.
## Color Scheme, Figure Style, etc.
Here are some general details on how to format your graphs for the paper. See the code in ‘HowToPlot.ipynb’ on how to set the color scheme/ figure style, etc. that I detail below. For this paper our graphs will use the arial font, a font size of 16 for plot titles (if needed), font size of 14 for axis labels, and a font size of 12 for tick marks and legends. If you are color coding by metallicity, set your cmap color to viridis. If you are color coding by age, set your cmap to inferno. The vmin and vmax for color coded plots should be vmin=-1.5 and vmax=0.5 for metallicity and vmin=0 and vmax=14.5 for age (in Gyr). If you are plotting data for multiple data sets, use black for APOGEE, red for TESS, yellow (#FFE200) for APOKASC2, cyan for APOK2, and blue for APOKASC3. If you are making a histogram or multiple histograms on the same plot, apply the above colors for the respective data you are using except APOGEE (use grey). For plots with multiple histograms, use an alpha value of ~0.5. If you are comparing the literature to our data for the training sets, use the colors listed above for the training set and black for the literature. If you are making a scatter plot not color coded by something, your marker color should be black. Generally, marker size should be small (0.5-0.05), line width should be 1.5 (default), line style should be ‘-’, and the alpha parameter (if needed) can be whatever shows density the best. Make sure you are properly labeling your axes and color bars; include units where needed.  
[HowToPlot.pdf](https://github.com/user-attachments/files/23638570/HowToPlot.pdf)
